Are auto complete.
Has a couple of things fixed up now.
So we get to now start to think about adding in some additional features to it.
The next thing we need to do is to make sure that once a user searches for something and then clicks
on an option right here we have to somehow handle that click.
We spoke about what to do whenever a user clicks on an entry a little bit ago.
So remember we had said that we want to update the text inside the input so we want to update the text
from whatever the user had just typed like Avengers right here to the exact title of the movie that
the user clicked on.
So instead of saying Avengers it should say The Avengers inside of that input.
In addition we need to make sure that we also close the menu finally and this isn't really in this diagram
right here.
But the last we need to do as well is to make sure that whatever movie a user clicks on we need to essentially
render it out really large on the left hand side of the screen because that is the end goal of this
application.
But right now let's just make sure that whenever we search for something and click on it we update the
text and we close the dropdown.
So what we really need to do here is to detect a click on an individual option to do so.
I'm going to once again find my on input function inside of there.
We've got our form of loop where we create a bunch of different anchor elements.
We then add on some classes and set some enter each terminal and whatnot.
So to detect a click on one of those options.
We can add in a click event handler to that option variable.
Remember the option variable is an anchor element to add in a click event handler right underneath where
we set the inner T.M..
I'm going to do an option that add event listener and we're going to watch for a like event but a click
event.
Then inside of here we can do the two things we just discussed we want to update the value of the input
and we also want to make sure that we close the dropdown as well losing the dropdown to something we
spoke about several times now.
Remember you toggle whether or not the dropdown is open.
We add or remove the class is active to the dropdown element and the dropdown element is that one right
there.
Let's take care of that first.
Inside of my event listener I'll do a dropdown class list.
Remove is Dash active let's save that into a very quick test.
I'll refresh Avengers.
So now I'm going to click on the Avengers and the entire dropdown closes.
Very good.
So now the next two we need to do is to make sure that we update the text inside the input.
Once again remember that we've got a reference to that input on the input variable right there.
So we can update the value of that text input by going back down to our event listener and we'll say
input not value.
That's how we can change the value inside of an existing input.
And we're going to update it to the title of the movie that the user just clicked on.
We can get the title of the movie that the user just clicked on by using the closure scope of this function
right here.
Remember the closure scope is essentially everything outside of that era function.
So right outside that function we've still got a reference to the movie variable and that is the object
that has all the information about the movie that the user just clicked on.
So we could do movie that title and as I've mentioned many times remember title with a capital T because
this API property names are just a little bit strange they're going to take that title shove it into
input value and that should update the text on the screen inside the input.
Let's do another safe here flip back over refresh I'll search for Avengers and now if I click on any
of these right here I would expect to see the text inside the input update as well.
And there we go.
Very good.
Okay so this looks like we've got something pretty good put together now.
I would say that our autocomplete element is just about done so now the last thing we have to do is
think about how to take the movie that the user just clicked on and render out some details about it
on the screen just like we said we would do with the original mockups of this application.
So like this right here we want to show the image title some statistics and so on.
So another quick pause and we'll start to address that in the next video.